Theoretical context: The broader scientific question my data is trying to answer is; are there differences in the metabolic capacity of fish acclimated to different environmental variables, and do interactions exist between the environmental variables which place excessive stress on this metabolic capacity. It is hypothesized that the conditions that cause relative increases in metabolic rate, cold-acclimation and osmoregulation, will interact because of a co-dependency on regulation by thyroid-signalling. Conversely, conditions that place opposing demands on metabolism, for example warm-acclimation and osmoregulation, may also interaction because of the co-dependency. In order to test these questions the data must consider a repeatable and standardized way to measure metabolic rate, and the environments the animals were acclimated to. To address, metabolism, it was chosen to measure the rate at which the animals consumed oxygen from their tank water. This does not allow all of the metabolic processes to be measured as some are anereobic and do not require oxygen, but is most meaningful since the animals are aerobic and can only survive for very few minutes without adequate oxygen.
Measuring relevant attributes and scale: To measure the rate of oxygen consumption, the percentage of dissolved oxygen in the tank water was recorded on a continuous time series and therefore measured on a ratio scale. From this, the rate of oxygen consumption can be calculated as a proxy for aerobic metabolic rate. Another important metric was the mass of the fish. This was so that the metabolic rate could be standardized to the relative mass of the fish making the results repeatably comparable to other studies, which use other fish with non-identical mass. Again mass was measured on a ratio scale. Finally the environmental conditions were measured as ordinal values since the temperature and salinity of the environments are ordered labels and there is no consideration for the magnitude between values. Therefore, the data scales were assigned based on the theoretical context of the orignal question, which seeks to compare the metabolic rates and interactions by the catagory of environment. 
Statistical analysis: Collectively, the metabolic rates will be grouped by the ordinal environmental characteristics to compare across groups for statisitcal analysis. This follows the theoretical context of the original question because it allows for comparisons across different environmental variables. As well, by separating the groups by high/low salinity and high/low temperature into four distinct treatments. the statistical test will be able to consider interactions to answer the research question. Specifically, the effect of each environment can be considered alone by comparing across only a single variable (i.e. only temperature or salinity) and then by observing the effect of both variables changing. I believe the only necessary transformation required is to standardize the oxygen consumption rates by mass, as in to divide the absolute rate by mass. This is a neseccary transformation in order to account for size differences between the fish within the present study, and more broadly to others in the literature. 
Whether a difference is important: Null hypothesis significance testing will be the dominant statisitcal approach for this study. The null hypothesis is that there are not differences in the metabolic rate across environmental variables, and that interactions between environments do not have an effect on metabolic rate. To biologically contextualize this difference, I would make comparisons with the the Q10 effect or temperature coeffecient. The is the measure of the rate of change of a biological system by raising the temperature by 10 degrees celcius. For most fish systems, Q10 values are expected to be in the range of 2-2.5 (Berschick, P., Bridges, C. R., & Grieshaber, M. K. (1987). The influence of hyperoxia, hypoxia and temperature on the respiratory physiology of the intertidal rockpool fish Gobius cobitis Pallas. Journal of Experimental Biology, 130(1), 368-387). Therefore, I believe this to be a strong metric to compare the importance of differences to for contextualizing interactions. For if example the conditions which I hypothesized to have a positive interaction resulted in a Q10 greater than this range when compared to the effect temperature alone, along with a statistically signifcant interaction (p<0.05), I would describe the interaction as having biological importance. Similarly, if the conditions that I predict to have a negative interaction resulted in a Q10 below the range, while temperature alone was within it, the interaction would also indicate biological importance. To make this comparison, I would calculate the Q10 for each individual, and then produce confidence intervals for each of the 4 acclimation gorups. This would allow direct comparisons between the treatments determine if any statisitcally identified differences have biological importance.  
